we know this much about Daniel's story
we was found outside the shelter in
Florence Alabama he was only given four
days to find a home on October 3rd of
2011 I woke up with a strange feeling
that same day was the day that Daniel
was four days were up at the shelter and
he was placed into a gas chamber with up
to 18 other dogs in that gas chamber
with him the 25 to 30 minutes went by
which the gas was let into the chamber
and when the chamber door was open
all dogs had passed away except for
Daniel he was standing there wagging his
tail the subject line this morning when
I opened up my email caught my attention
it was urgent
dog survives gas chamber needs rescue
I'm 11th hour I'm supposed to save dogs
at the 11th hour this dog was at the
12th hour from the first time I met
Daniel he was always such a sweet and
gentle dog to me to this day I always
wondered if it was a medical or a
spiritual miracle
well daniel has been called a miracle
beagle because of his miracle survival
but his story has only just begun he's
the perfect example of the dogs that we
are euthanizing every single day you're
the dog that survived he is affable he's
friendly he's sweet he's highly
adoptable told is he
anybody year and a half really sit down
young yeah he was only 16 just by people
seeing him they realize oh my god they
put this dog in a gas chamber so it
brings home the message that we are
killing highly adoptable animals and it
really needs to stop Daniels mission is
to end the use of this horrific gas
chamber in our country Daniel and I made
a trip to Malvern Pennsylvania where
senator Andy dinna Minh had already had
in process Daniels law tried to ban the
gas chamber he travels well probably
better than myself
he's a wonderful campaigner cuz I'd like
to give him days in between whatever he
is gonna be doing cuz I feel he deserves
to have time to be a dog Joe is allowing
Daniel to be a dog but he's also
allowing Daniel to do some greater good
and I felt from the beginning that this
dog was safe from the gas chamber for a
purpose in the year 2012 there's plenty
of forms of identity theft I used to be
known as Joe Dwyer now I'm known as
you're that guy that hangs out with
Daniel that's the way life is I've
accepted it because of the incredible
mission that Daniel has put me on the
mission of saving animals just like him
that are loving beautiful companions and
that can complete families today is a
hero because he had a miraculous
survival that I believe he played a part
in with his unbelievable attitude and
his will to live his miraculous survival
his love of life and his love of his
mission because I can tell you from
observing him that he does love all that
he interacts with Daniel was more than a
hero Daniel is a gift he is a blessing
and he's a miracle